---
layout: post
title: "Codeup 1098 - Pulling out of sugar cookies"
excerpt: "Solving Codeup 1098 - C"
tags: [Solving Codeup Basic 100 problems]
comments: false
ad: true
---
 
[Codeup 1098 pulling out of sugar cookies](https://codeup.kr/problem.php?id=1098){: .notice} 
<br/>
<br/>

-----------------------------------------------------

### Problem description
 
Gyeonggwak, who went to the amusement park with his father, saw pulling out sugar snacks (which were shaped like fish by melting sugar).

A few bars of different lengths are placed on the same grid plate as the baduk board.

If he will successes to hide The name of the sugar confection -written horizontally or vertically in succession- on the grid plate (e.g. carp, dragon, etc.)by placing bars on the grid plate, He can get the sugar confection.

It was sort of gambling game that he can take the sugar confection.

Gyeonggwak wants to get the biggest sugar snack.

After looking at every way to put a stick on a gridlock, Gyeonggwak can figure out how to get the biggest sugar confection.

Gyeonggwak wanted to make the basic situation of putting a stick on a grid like putting a baduk egg on a baduk board.

When given the length (h), width (w), number of bars (n), length of each bar (l), direction of placement of bars (d: 0 means horizontal, 1 means Vertical) and the position (x, y) of the most left or topmost of the bar where the bar is placed, let's create a program to print the shape of the bar that fills the grid.

<br/>
<br/>

### Input

In the first row, the grid's depth(h) and width(w) are entered divided with space.  

The number of bars (n), length (l), direction (d), and coordinate (x, y) are entered for the second line.  

The definition of the input value is as follows.  

1 <= w, h <= 100

1 <= n <= 10

d = 0 or 1

1 <= x <= w

1 <= y <= h

There is no such input if the bar is outside of the grid.

<br/>
### Output

Outputs the status of the grid plate on which all bars are placed.

If it is blocked by a bar, print 1, if it is not, print 0.

<br/>
<br/>

#### Input Example

5 5  
3  
2 0 1 1  
3 1 2 3  
4 1 2 5  

#### Output Example

1 1 0 0 0  
0 0 1 0 1  
0 0 1 0 1  
0 0 1 0 1  
0 0 0 0 1  

#### Time Limit : 1Sec
#### Memory Limit : 128MB


<br/>
---------------------------------------------------
<br/>
<br/>

### Source Code

``` C++
#include <stdio.h>

int arr[101][101]; /* I didn't declare a global array at first, but a good friend named  
                      GitHub bothered me with a build error... So guess what I did. */   

int main()
{
    int max_x, max_y, n, d, x, y, lg, i, k;

    scanf("%d %d\n", &max_y, &max_x);
    scanf("%d", &n);

    for(k=1; k<=n; k++) {
        scanf("%d %d %d %d", &lg, &d, &y, &x);
        arr[y][x]=1;

        if(d) {
            for(i=1; i<lg; i++) {
                arr[y+i][x]=1;
            }
        }
        else {
            for(i=1; i<lg; i++) {
                arr[y][x+i]=1;
            }
        }
    }

    for(k=1; k<=max_y; k++) {
        for(i=1; i<=max_x; i++) {
            printf("%d ", arr[k][i]);
        }
        puts("");
    }
}
```

<br/>
<br/>
What I'd like to say in this problem is, **”Let's not be nervous.”**  
When you read a problem, it can seem very complicated.  

Even so, I hope you don't give up and be scared. 

<br/>

This is how to solve the problem.  
max_x, max_y: These two variables are the variables that enter the horizontal and vertical sizes.  

You will then receive the number of bars placed in variable n (to determine how many times you are inputted).  

**If the bar is out of the grid, it is not in the input**, since the condition is specified in the problem, it is easy to solve the problem.

<br/>

Simply enter the coordinates of the bar first, check its orientation, and store one in a two-dimensional array by the length of the bar.  

Let me just give you a bit of a side explanation of ```if(d)``` above.  
True is recognized as Non Zero in C language.  

This allows you to return False if a number other than 0 is stored in variable d and True if 0 is stored.  

<br/>

Please read and understand.  
The problem of solving using two-dimensional arrays is difficult at first, but once you adapt, it's easier.  

<br/>

Thanks for reading.  

<br/>
<br/>

Search Keyword //코드업/Codeup 1098/코드업 1098/코드업 설탕과자 뽑기/C언어 문제/프로그래밍 문제/{: .notice}
